Remove persisted docs from changelog (#3488)
apollographql/router: CHANGELOG.md

### Persisted Queries w/opt-in safelisting (preview) ([PR #3347](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/3347))

> Persisted Queries is a forthcoming feature that helps you prevent unwanted traffic from reaching your graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ **Persisted queries is a forthcoming [Enterprise feature](https://www.apollographql.com/blog/platform/evaluating-apollo-router-understanding-free-and-open-vs-commercial-features/) of the Apollo Router.** It will require an organization with a [GraphOS Enterprise plan](https://www.apollographql.com/pricing/).
```

  * Reject unregistered operations
  * Require all operations to be sent as an ID

Unlike automatic persisted queries (APQ), a safelist of operations lets you prevent a malicious actor from constructing a free-format query that could overload your subgraph services.

> This feature is in a private preview phase and aren't available unless your enterprise organization has been granted preview access by Apollo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is in a private preview phase and isn't available unless your organization has been granted preview access by Apollo.
```
